apps/admin-app/README.md, before:

# Fineract Admin App

System administration and configuration application for Apache Fineract, providing interfaces for managing the overall platform.

## Overview

The admin-app deployment serves the Fineract admin frontend application as static files through NGINX. All API calls are routed through the Kubernetes Ingress NGINX controller, which handles authentication via OAuth2 Proxy and routing to appropriate Fineract backend services.

**Architecture**:
```
Browser → Ingress NGINX → OAuth2 Proxy → Admin App (static files)
                        ↓
                   Fineract API (read/write services)
```

## Purpose

The Admin App provides:

1.  **System Configuration** - Manage global settings and parameters.
2.  **Product Management** - Configure loan and savings products.
3.  **Charge Management** - Define fees and penalties.
4.  **Scheduler Jobs** - View and manage automated background jobs.
5.  **Data Import/Export** - Perform bulk data operations.

This app is intended for system administrators and supports critical configuration operations.

## Components

### Deployment (deployment.yaml)

**Image**: `ghcr.io/adorsys-gis/fineract-apps/admin-app:df657e7`
- Built from fineract-apps repository
- NGINX-based container serving static files
- Read-only root filesystem for security
- Non-root user (UID 1000)

**Security**:
- `runAsNonRoot: true`
- `readOnlyRootFilesystem: true`
- `allowPrivilegeEscalation: false`
- Drops all Linux capabilities
- Seccomp profile: `RuntimeDefault`

**Resources**:
```yaml
requests:
  memory: "128Mi"
  cpu: "50m"
limits:
  memory: "256Mi"
  cpu: "200m"
```

**Init Container**: `copy-assets`
- Copies static assets to writable emptyDir volume
- Enables read-only root filesystem while serving assets
- Resources: 64Mi/128Mi memory, 50m/100m CPU

**Health Checks**:
- **Liveness probe**: HTTP GET / on port 80 (every 10s)
- **Readiness probe**: HTTP GET / on port 80 (every 5s)

### ConfigMap (configmap.yaml)

Configuration for connecting to Fineract API and OAuth2 Proxy is managed in `admin-app-config`.

### Service (service.yaml)

**Type**: ClusterIP
- **Port**: 80 (HTTP)
- **Internal only** - Not exposed directly to internet
- **Accessed via**: Ingress NGINX with OAuth2 authentication

## Deployment

### GitOps Deployment (ArgoCD)

The admin-app is deployed via an ArgoCD Application:

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: fineract-dev-admin-app
  namespace: argocd
  annotations:
    argocd.argoproj.io/sync-wave: "7"
spec:
  project: fineract-dev
  source:
    repoURL: https://github.com/ADORSYS-GIS/fineract-gitops.git
    targetRevision: eks # Or your target branch
    path: apps/admin-app/base
  destination:
    server: https://kubernetes.default.svc
    namespace: fineract-dev
  syncPolicy:
    automated:
      prune: true
      selfHeal: true
```

## Access and Authentication

### Authentication Flow

1.  **User accesses** `https://fineract.example.com/admin`
2.  **Ingress NGINX** intercepts request
3.  **OAuth2 Proxy** handles authentication via Keycloak
4.  **Ingress forwards** to admin-app service
5.  **Frontend JS** makes API calls through Ingress to Fineract backend

### Session Management

Sessions are managed centrally by OAuth2 Proxy and Keycloak.

## Routing

### Access URL

The admin app is accessible at a path like:
```
https://fineract.example.com/admin
```
The Ingress configuration routes `/admin(/|$)(.*)` to the admin-app service.

---

**Namespace**: `fineract-dev` (dev), `fineract-uat` (uat), `fineract-production` (production)
**Component**: Frontend - Admin App
**Managed by**: ArgoCD
**Access**: Via Ingress NGINX with OAuth2 authentication at `/admin`

Commit message:

feat: add manifests for user sycn service

apps/admin-app/README.md, after:

# Fineract Admin App

System administration and configuration application for Apache Fineract, providing interfaces for managing the overall platform.

## Overview

The admin-app deployment serves the Fineract admin frontend application as static files through NGINX. All API calls are routed through the Kubernetes Ingress NGINX controller, which handles authentication via OAuth2 Proxy and routing to appropriate Fineract backend services.

**Architecture**:
```
Browser → Ingress NGINX → OAuth2 Proxy → Admin App (static files)
                        ↓
                   Fineract API (read/write services)
```

## Purpose

The Admin App provides:

1.  **System Configuration** - Manage global settings and parameters.
2.  **Product Management** - Configure loan and savings products.
3.  **Charge Management** - Define fees and penalties.
4.  **Scheduler Jobs** - View and manage automated background jobs.
5.  **Data Import/Export** - Perform bulk data operations.

This app is intended for system administrators and supports critical configuration operations.

## Components

### User Sync Service Integration

The Admin App is tightly integrated with the **User Sync Service** for all identity management operations. The frontend communicates with the User Sync Service's REST API to perform actions in Keycloak, making it a critical dependency for user management.

**Key Interactions**:

- **User Creation**: When a new user is created in the Admin App, it first creates the employee record in Fineract and then calls the `/sync/user` endpoint on the User Sync Service to create the corresponding user in Keycloak.
- **Password Reset**: The password reset functionality is handled by calling the `/users/{username}/reset-password` endpoint, which triggers a password reset email from Keycloak.
- **User Status**: The Admin App fetches the user's status from Keycloak by calling the `/users/{username}/keycloak-status` endpoint and can enable or disable the user via the `/users/{username}/status` endpoint.

This integration ensures that all user identity operations are centralized and managed through Keycloak, while the Admin App remains the primary interface for user administration.

### Deployment (`deployment.yaml`)

**Image**: `ghcr.io/adorsys-gis/fineract-apps/admin-app:df657e7`
- Built from fineract-apps repository
- NGINX-based container serving static files
- Read-only root filesystem for security
- Non-root user (UID 1000)

**Security**:
- `runAsNonRoot: true`
- `readOnlyRootFilesystem: true`
- `allowPrivilegeEscalation: false`
- Drops all Linux capabilities
- Seccomp profile: `RuntimeDefault`

**Resources**:
```yaml
requests:
  memory: "128Mi"
  cpu: "50m"
limits:
  memory: "256Mi"
  cpu: "200m"
```

**Init Container**: `copy-assets`
- Copies static assets to writable emptyDir volume
- Enables read-only root filesystem while serving assets
- Resources: 64Mi/128Mi memory, 50m/100m CPU

**Health Checks**:
- **Liveness probe**: HTTP GET / on port 80 (every 10s)
- **Readiness probe**: HTTP GET / on port 80 (every 5s)

### ConfigMap (configmap.yaml)

Configuration for connecting to Fineract API and OAuth2 Proxy is managed in `admin-app-config`.

### Service (service.yaml)

**Type**: ClusterIP
- **Port**: 80 (HTTP)
- **Internal only** - Not exposed directly to internet
- **Accessed via**: Ingress NGINX with OAuth2 authentication

## Deployment

### GitOps Deployment (ArgoCD)

The admin-app is deployed via an ArgoCD Application:

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: fineract-dev-admin-app
  namespace: argocd
  annotations:
    argocd.argoproj.io/sync-wave: "7"
spec:
  project: fineract-dev
  source:
    repoURL: https://github.com/ADORSYS-GIS/fineract-gitops.git
    targetRevision: eks # Or your target branch
    path: apps/admin-app/base
  destination:
    server: https://kubernetes.default.svc
    namespace: fineract-dev
  syncPolicy:
    automated:
      prune: true
      selfHeal: true
```

## Access and Authentication

### Authentication Flow

1.  **User accesses** `https://fineract.example.com/admin`
2.  **Ingress NGINX** intercepts request
3.  **OAuth2 Proxy** handles authentication via Keycloak
4.  **Ingress forwards** to admin-app service
5.  **Frontend JS** makes API calls through Ingress to Fineract backend

### Session Management

Sessions are managed centrally by OAuth2 Proxy and Keycloak.

## Routing

### Access URL

The admin app is accessible at a path like:
```
https://fineract.example.com/admin
```
The Ingress configuration routes `/admin(/|$)(.*)` to the admin-app service.

---

**Namespace**: `fineract-dev` (dev), `fineract-uat` (uat), `fineract-production` (production)
**Component**: Frontend - Admin App
**Managed by**: ArgoCD
**Access**: Via Ingress NGINX with OAuth2 authentication at `/admin`
